outfit "Fat Man"
	"self destruct" 1
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 512000
	description "The Fat Man is perhaps the most devastating infantry weapon ever unleashed upon the modern battlefield - a hand-held catapult that launches portable nuclear bombs.. probably not a good idea to use indoors..."
	thumbnail outfit/fatman
	unplunderable 1
outfit "Flame Thrower"
	"capture attack" 1.1
	"capture defense" .9
	category "Hand to Hand"
	cost 35000
	description "This is a relic of times past, from the days of early spaceflight brought forth mass piracy. Because of the overwhelming popularity among pirates and the inhumane use of such a weapon, interstellar law forbids possession. One can earn a particularly nasty fine if caught in possession of a Flame Thrower. They do serve their purpose however, they clear out an enemy ship quicker than most other methods..."
	illegal 450000
	thumbnail outfit/flame_thrower
outfit "Korath Disruptor Gun"
	"gun ports" -1
	"outfit space" -28
	"weapon capacity" -28
	category Guns
	cost 897000
	description "Korath Disruptors interfere with a ship's shields, allowing a ship's hull to be damaged even when shields are up. However, they do very little hull damage by themselves."
	mass 28
	thumbnail outfit/disruptor_gun
	weapon
		"disruption damage" .24
		"firing energy" 8.0
		"firing heat" 2.7
		"hit effect" "disruptor impact"
		"hull damage" .5
		"shield damage" 3.8
		inaccuracy 1
		lifetime 1
		reload 1
		sound disruptor
		sprite projectile/disruptor
			"frame rate" 15
		velocity 480
outfit "Reflective Plating"
	category "Systems"
	"cloaking energy" 18
	cloak .002
	cost 750000
	description "Having been refined over centuries, is military grade Reflective Plating. Reflective Plating works by showing observers what is behind the object rather than the object itself, the technology is rough around the edges but still proves to be a must have for any pilot fortunate enough to get their hands on it."
	"outfit space" -3
	thumbnail outfit/reflective_plating
	unplunderable 1